---
title: 新东方保命28分
tags:
  - English
toc: true
translate_title: new-oriental-life-insurance-28-points
date: 2018-03-22 18:07:00
---
> # 2010年考研阅读（一）阅读理解

## Text1
### Para.1
　　Of all the changes ~~that have taken place in English-language newspapers during the past quarter-century (定语从句)~~, perhaps the most far-reaching ~~(of ... 承接前面)~~ has been the inexorable decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts coverage.

**分阶词汇**
far-reaching adj.深远的，深刻的
coverage n.范围，规模，（新闻）报道

### Para.2
　　**It is difficult** ~~to the point of impossibility~~ **for the average reader** ~~under the age of forty (作定语)~~ **to imagine a time when high-quality arts criticism could be found in most big-city newspapers (定语从句).** Ye **a considerable number of** the most significant collections of criticism ~~published in the 20th century (作定语)~~ **consisted** in large part **of** newspaper reviews. To read such books today is to **marvel at** the fact that **their learned contents** were once deemed suitable for publication in **general-circulation dailies**.

**分阶词汇**
consist of 由……组成，包括
marvel at 对……惊奇，惊叹
be deemed 被视为，被认为
general-circulation daily 一般发行量日报

**21. It is indicated in Paragraphs 1 and 2 that ____**
A. arts criticism has disappeared from big-city newspapers
**B. English-language newspapers used to carry more arts reviews**
C. high-quality newspapers retain a large body of readers
D. young readers doubt the suitability of criticism on dailies

**分析**
A. 偷换概念，文中只提到英文报纸中艺术评论的衰退(decline)，而不是小时(disappear)
C. 无中生有
D. marvel at 惊奇 并不是 doubt 怀疑

### Para.3
　　We **are even farther removed from** the unfocused nespaper reviews ~~published in England~~ between the turn of the 20th century and the eve of World War II, at a time **when newprint was dirt-cheap and stylish arts criticism was considered an ornament to the publications ~~in which it appeared (定语从句)~~(定语从句)**. In those far-off days, it **was taken for granted** that the critics of major papers would write in detail and at length about the events ~~they covered (作定语)~~(强调句型). Theirs was a serious business, and even those reviewers ~~who **wore their learning lightly**, like George Bernard Shaw and Ernest Newman,~~ could be trusted to know **what they were about (宾语从句)**. These men believed in journalism as a **calling**, and were proud to be published in the **daily press**. "**So** few authors have brains enough or literary gift enough **to keep their own end up in journalism**," Newman wrote, "**that** I **am tempted to define** 'journalism' as 'a term of contempt applied by writers who are not read to writers who are'."

**分阶词汇**
unfocused adj.没有主题的，不聚焦的
the turn of the century 世纪之交
stylish adj.时髦的，流行的
ornament n.装饰物，装饰品
far-off adj.远方的
be taken for granted 被视为理所当然
at length 充分地，详尽地
wear one's learning lightly 以轻松活泼的方式展示自己的学识
calling n.职业（有较高社会认可度的职业）
daily press 日报
be tempted to do 尝试去做
contempt n.轻视，轻蔑

**22.Newspaper reviews in England before World War II were characterized by ____**
**A. free themes**
B. casual style
C. elaborate layout
D. radical vewpoints

**分析**
定位unfocused(无主题的，不聚焦的)

**23.Which of the following would Shaw and Newman most probably agree on?**
A. It is writers's duty to fulfill journalistic goals.
B. It is contemptible for writers to be journalists.
C. Writers are likely to be tempted into journalism.
**D. Not all writers are capable of journalistic writing.**

**分析**
A. 无中生有
B. 混淆概念，文中为不受欢迎的作家对于受欢迎作家的一种带有蔑视色彩的称呼
C. 偷换概念，文中为I am tempted to define... （我想把新闻业定义为...），并不是“可能被吸引进入新闻业”
D. 定位到 it's difficult to... to keep their end up in journalism

### Para.4
　　Unfortunately, these critics are virtually forgotten. Neville Cardus, ~~who wrote for the Manchester Guardian from 1917 until shortly before his death in 1975,~~ is now known solely as a writer of essays on the game of cricket. During his lifetime, though, he was also one of England's foremost classical-music critics, and a stylist so widely admired **that his Autobiography (1947) became a best-selelr.** He was knighted in 1967, ~~the first music critic to be so honored.~~ Yet only one of his books is now in print, and his vast body of writings on music is unknown **save to** specialists.

**分阶词汇**
virtual adj.事实上的，实质上的，（计算机）虚拟的
solely adj.仅仅
foremost adj.最重要的
sylist n.文体学家
autobiography n.自传
best-seller n.畅销书
be knighted 被授予爵士
save to 除了……以外

### Para.5
　　Is there any chance **that Cardus's criticism will enjoy a revival?** The prospect seems remote. Journalistic tastes had changed long before his death, and postmodern readers have little use for the richly upholstered Vicwardian prose ~~in which he specialized(定语从句)~~. Moreover, the amateur tradition in music criticism has been in headlong retreat.

**分阶词汇**
revival n.复苏，复兴
postmodern adj.后现代的
richly adj.辞藻华丽地，丰富地
upholstered adj.布局精心的
prose n.散文
amateur adj.业余的
headlong adj.急速的，迅猛的
retreat n.后退，衰退

**25. What would be the best title for the text?**
A. Newspapers of the Good Old days
**B. The Lost Horizon in newspapers**
C. Mournful Decline of journalism
D. Prominnet Critics in Memory

**分析**
A. 偏离中心，曾经辉煌时期的报纸明显不符合题意
C. mournful （令人惋惜的），decline 新闻业的衰败？好像不对，是评论的不如以往，并不是新闻业的衰退 最他妈容易选错的干扰选项
D. 以偏概全

## Text2
### Para.1
　　Over the past decade, thousands of patents have been granted for **what are called business methods(宾语从句)**. Amazon.com received one for its "one-click" online payment system. Merrill Lynch got legal protection for an asset allocation strategy. One inventor patented a technique for lifting a box.

**分阶词汇**
be granted for 被授予
allocation n.分配，配置


### Para.2
　　Now the nation's top patent court appears completely ready to **scale back on** business-method patents, ~~which have been controversial ever since they were first authorized 10 years ago(非限制性定语从句)~~. In a **move** that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said **(that)it would use a particular case to conduct a broad review of business-method patents(宾语从句)**. In re Bilski, ~~as the case is known,~~ is "a very big deal," says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of Law. It "has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents."

**分阶词汇**
scale back on 按……比例缩减
move n.措施(经济类文章中)
intellectual-property adj.拥有知识产权的
abuzz adj.嘈杂的

**26. Business-method patents have recently aroused concern because of _____**
~~A. their limited value to businesses~~
~~B. their connection with asset allocation~~
**C. the possible restriction on their granting**
D. the controversy over their authorization

**分析**
A. 无中生有
B. 答非所问
D. 偷换概念！细节题！，题问recently，D是10 years ago的！mmp
1.常识？
2.原文？
3.审题？

**27. Which of the following is true of the Bilski case?**
~~A. Its ruling complies with the court decisions.~~
~~B. It involves a very big business transaction.~~
C. It has been dismissed by the Federal Circuit.
**D. It may change the legal practices in the U.S.**

**分析**
A. use a particular case to...没说别的
B. a very deal 大事件，不是大宗交易
C. 并没有说驳回

### Para.3
　　Curbs on business-method claims would be **a dramatic about-face**, because **it was the Federal Circuit itself that introduced such patents with its 1998 decision in the so-called State Street Bank case, ~~approving a patent on a way of pooling mutual-fund assets~~.(强调句型)** That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent filings, initially by emerging Internet companies trying to **stake out** exclusive rights to specific types of online transactions. Later, more established companies **raced to** add such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against **rivals** that might **beat them to the punch**. In 2005, IBM noted ~~in a court filing~~ **that it had been issued more than 300 business-method patents(宾语从句)**, despite the fact **that it questioned the legal basis for granting them(定语从句)**. Similarly, some Wall Street investment firms armed themselves with patents for financial products, even as they took positions in court cases opposing the practice.

**分阶词汇**
about-face n.彻底改变(观点、立场等)
explosion n.爆发，激增，爆炸
stake out 明确阐述，阐明
exclusive adj.排外的，独占的，唯一的
established adj.建立已久的，老牌的
rival n.竞争者，对手
race to 争先恐后，竞相做……
basis n.基础

**28. The word "about-face" (Para. 3) most probably means _____**
~~A. loss of goodwill~~
~~B. increase of hostility~~
**C. change of attitude**
~~D. enhancement of dignity~~

**分析**
A. 善意的丢失，无中生有
B. 敌意的增加，无中生有
D. 尊严的提升，无中生有

### Para.4
　　The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for hedging risk in the energy market. The Federal Circuit issued an unusual order ~~stating that the case would be heard by all 12 of the court's judges, rather than a typical panel of three,~~ and that one issue ~~it wants to evaluate~~ is whether it should "reconsider" its State Street Bank ruling.

**分阶词汇**
hedging n.对冲
panel n.陪审团

### Para.5
　　The Federal Circuit's action comes **in the wake of** a series of recent decisions ~~by the Supreme Court~~ **that has narrowed the scope of protections for patent holders(定语从句)**. Last April, for example, the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for "inventions" ~~that are obvious~~. The judges on the Federal Circuit are "reacting to the anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court," says Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and professor at George Washington University Law School.

**分阶词汇**
in the wake of 随着……而来的
Supreme Court 最高法院
uphold v.支持
attorney n.(辩护)律师

**29. We learn from the last two paragraphs that business-method patents _____**
~~A. are immune to legal challenges~~
**B. are often unnecessarily issued**
~~C. lower the esteem for patent holders~~
~~D. increase the incidence of risks~~

**分析**
A. 偏离中心，专利肯定受法律影响
C. 无中生有
D. 无中生有

**30. Which of the following would be the subject the text?**
**A. A looming threat to business-method patents.**
~~B. Protection for business-method patent holders.~~
~~C. A legal case regarding business-method patents.~~
D. A prevailing trend against business-method patents.

**分析**
B. protection？ 正反混淆
C. a legal case？ 答非所问
D. 推理过渡，有点混淆视听，会存在干扰！

## Text3 (先主后破)
### Para.1
　　In his book The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell argues that "social epidemics" **are driven** in large part by the actions of a tiny minority of special individuals, often called influentials, ~~who are **unusually informed**, persuasive, or well connected(非限制性定语从句)~~. The idea is **intuitively compelling**, **but** it doesn't explain how ideas actually spread.**(首段转折→文章中心)**

**分级词汇**
be driven by 被……驱动
unusually informed 博闻强识的，见多识广的
well connected 有良好的人脉的
intuitively adj.直觉地，直观地
compelling adj.引人注目的，令人信服的
compel vt.强迫，迫使

**31. By citing the book The Tipping Point, the author intends to _____**
~~A. analyze the consequences of social epidemics~~
**B. discuss influentials' function in spreading ideas**
~~C. exemplify people's intuitive response to social epidemics~~
~~D. describe the essential characteristics of influentials~~

**分析**
A. 偷换概念，原文讲的是social epidemic的起因，而不是结果
C. 偷换概念，compelling和response不等价，其次稳中的intuitive compelling是对于社会流行潮很大程度上由少部分有影响力的人驱动这整个事的看似令人信服，而不是对于social epidemic
D. 偏离中心，文中是解释了influentials的特点，但是举例The Tipping Point并不是为了说明这个

### Para.2
　　The **supposed** importance of influentials **derives from** a plausible-sounding but **largely untested theory** called the "two-step flow of communication": Information flows from the media to the influentials and from them to everyone else. Marketers have embraced the two-step flow because it suggests **that if they can just find and influence the influentials(宾语从句)**, those select people will do most of the work for them(同位语). The theory also seems to explain the sudden and unexpected popularity of **certain looks**, brands, or **neighborhoods**. In many such cases, a **cursory** search for causes finds that some small group of people was wearing, promoting, or developing **whatever it is(宾语从句)** before anyone else paid attention(before连状语). Anecdotal evidence of this kind fits nicely with the idea **that only certain special people can drive trends(限制性定语从句)**.

**分阶词汇**
derive from 源自于，起源于
plausible-sounding adj.听起来可行的，貌似合理的
untested adj.未被证实的
look n.打扮，装束
neighborhood n.地段
cursory adj.草率的，粗略的
anecdotal adj.趣闻的，轶事的
embrace v.对……深信不疑

### Para.3
　　In their recent work, however, some researchers have come up with the finding **that influentials have far less impact on social epidemics than ~~is generally supposed~~(限制性定语从句)**. In fact, they don't seem to be required at all.

**分阶词汇**
come up with the finding 得到结果 (相当于in fact)

**32. The author suggests that the "two-step-flow theory" ______**
~~A. serves as a solution to marketing problems~~
B. has helped explain certain prevalent trends
~~C. has won support from influentials~~
**D. requires solid evidence for its validity**

**分析**
A. 答非所问，果断排除
B. 偷换概念，seems to explain 似乎解释了...，细节题，干扰严重！
C. 偷换概念，文中只是说备受营销人员的推崇，并不是influentials

### Para.4
　　The researchers' argument **stems from** a simple observation about social influence: **With the exception of** a few **celerities** like Oprah Winfrey——whose **outsize** presence is primarily a function of media, not interpersonal, influence——even the most influential members of a population simply don't interact with that many others. **Yet it is precisely these non-celebrity influentials who, ~~according to the two-step-flow theory,~~ are supposed to drive social epidemics, by influencing their friends and colleagues directly.** For a social epidemic to occur, however, each person so affected must then influence his or her own **acquaintance**, ~~who must **in turn(依次，循环下去)** influence theirs(他们的熟人), and so on(非限制定语从句)~~; and just how many others pay attention to **each of these people has little to do with the initial influential**. If people in the network just two degrees removed from the initial influential prove resistant, for example, the **cascade** of change won't propagate very far or affect many people.

**分阶词汇**
with the exception of... 除了...
acquaintance n.熟人
in turn 反过来，反之，依次
cascade n.瀑布

**33. What the researchers have observed recently shows that _____**
**A. the power of influence goes with social interactions**
~~B. interpersonal links can be enhanced through the media~~
~~C. influential have more channels to reach the public~~
~~D. most celebrities enjoy wide media attention~~

**分析**
B. 无中生有
C. 明显错误
D. 无中生有，文中哪里说了明星“喜欢”广泛的媒体关注了？

**34. The underlined phrase "these people" in Paragraph 4 refers to the ones who _____**
~~A. stay outside the network of social influence~~
B. have little contact with the source of influence
**C. are influenced and then influence others**
~~D. are influence by the initial influential~~

**分析**
A. 明显不符
B. 偷换概念，首先这个存在干扰是翻译的问题，这么说这里说的these肯定是前文指代的，这么想的话就不会受到后面 has little to do...的影响了
D. 偷换概念，也差不多是翻译的问题，文中是说熟人之间的相互影响

### Para.5
　　Building on the basic truth about interpersonal influence, the researchers studied the dynamics of social influence **by conducting thousands of computer simulations of populations, manipulating a number of variables relating to people's ability to influence others and their tendency to be influenced**. They found that the principal requirement for what is called "global cascades"——the widespread propagation of influence through networks——is the presence not of a few influentials **but, rather, of a critical mass of easily influenced people**.

**35. What is the essential element in the dynamics of social influence?**
~~A. The eagerness to be accepted.~~
B. The impulse(冲动) to influence others.
**C. The readiness(意愿) to be influenced.**
~~D. The inclination to rely on others.~~

**分析**
单词解析题吧！？！

## Text4
### Para.1
　　Bankers have been blaming themselves for their troubles in public. **Behind the scenes**, they have been **taking aim at** someone else: the accounting standard-setters. Their rules, ~~moan the banks~~, have forced them to report enormous losses, and it's just not fair. These rules say they must value some assets at the price **(that) a third party would pay, not the price managers and regulators would like them to fetch(定语从句)**.

**分阶词汇**
behind the scenes 在幕后，不公开的
take aim at 以……为目标
accounting n.会计，会计学
force sb. to do 强迫……做……
value v.估计，重视，评价

**36. Bankers complained that they were forced to ______**
**A. follow unfavorable asset evaluation troubles**
~~B. collect payments from third parties~~
~~C. cooperate with the price managers~~
~~D. re-evaluate some of their assets~~

**解析**
B. 移花接木，collect payments？No!
C. 无中生有
D. 偷换概念，把value偷换成re-evaluate

### Para.2
　　Unfortunately, banks's **lobbying** now seems to be working. **The details may be unknowable(细节不得而知)**, but the independence of standard-setters, ~~essential to the proper functioning of capital markets(定语)~~, is being **compromised**. And, unless banks carry toxic assets at prices that attract buyers, reviving the banking system will be difficult.

**分阶词汇**
lobbying 游说
capital market 资本市场
compromise v.妥协；使陷入危险
toxic asset 不良资产，有毒资产

### Para.3
　　After a bruising encouter with Congress, America's Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) **rushed through** rule changes. These gave banks more freedom to use models to value illiquid assets and more flexibility in recognizing losses on long-term assets in their income statement. Bob Herz, the FASB's chairman, cried out against thhose who question our motives. Yet bank shares rose and the changes enhance **what one lobby group politely calls the use of judgment by management**.

**分阶词汇**
bruising adj.殊死的，挫伤的
encounter n.相遇，冲突
rush through 快速通过，匆忙完成
illiquid asset 固定资产
share n.股份

**37. According to the author, the rule changes of the FASB may result in ______**
A. the diminishing role of management
B. the revival of the banking system
C. the banks' long-term asset losses
**D. the weakening of its independence**

**解析**
A. 正反混淆，enhance提高了管理层判断力的运用
B. 答非所问
C. 偷换概念，文中说的是给了银行更多灵活性去评估资产
D. 定位到第二段！

### Para.4
　　European ministers instantly demanded that the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) do likewise. The IASB says it does not want to act without overall planning, **but the pressure to fold** when it completes its reconstruction of rules later this year **is strong**. Charlie McCreevy, a European commissioner, warned the IASB that it did not live **in a political vacuum but in the real world** and that Europe could yet develop different rules.

**分阶词汇**
overall planning 全局计划
vacuum n.空白
yet adj.迟早，但是，还，已经

**38. According to Paragraph 4, McCreevy objects to the IASB's attempt to ______.**
A. keep away from political influences
~~B. evade the pressure from their peers~~
**C. act on their own in rule-setting**
~~D. take gradual measures in reform~~

**分析**
A. it did not live in a political vacuum干扰！
C. 定位到 it does not want to act without overall planning，哦，这个人跟美国一伙的，让别人类似识时务，不坚持自己底线！哇擦，你他妈还欧洲委员会成员，哦，黑白到处都有，emmmm....

### Para.5
　　It was banks that were on the wrong planet, with accounts that vastly overvalued assets. Today they argue that market prices overstate losses, because they largely reflect the temporary illiquidity of markets, not the likely extent of bad debts. **The truth will not be known for years.** But bank's shares trade below their book value, **suggesting that investors are skeptical**. And dead markets partly reflect the **paralysis** of banks which will not sell assets for **fear of booking losses(害怕报告损失，暗示他们知道损失)**, yet are reluctant to buy all those supposed **bargaind**.

**分阶词汇**
book value 账面价值
skeptical adj.怀疑的
paralysis n.瘫痪，麻痹
book loss 账面损失
be reluctant to 踌躇，不情愿……
bargain n.便宜货

**39. The author thinks the banks were "on the wrong planet" in that they ______**
~~A. misinterpreted market price indicators~~
**B. exaggerated the real value of their assets**
~~C. neglected the likely existence of bad debts~~
~~D. denied booking losses in their sale of assets~~

### Para.6
　　To get the system working again, losses must be recognized and dealt with. America's new plan to buy up toxic assets will not work **unless banks mark assets to levels which buyers find attractive**. Successful markets require independent and even **combative** standard-setters. **The FASB and IASB have been exactly that (会计委员会正直，前面主席突然的一句，有毒，幸好有个yet)**, cleaning up rules on stock options and pensions, for example, against hostility from **special interests**. But by giving in to critics now they are inviting pressure to make more **concessions**.

**分阶词汇**
hostility n.敌意，敌对状态
special interest 特殊利益集团
give in to 屈服于
invite pressure 招致压力
concession n.让步，妥协

**40. The author's attitude towards standard-setters is one of ______**
A. satisfaction
B. skepticism
C. objectiveness
**D. sympathy**

> # 2011年考研英语（一）阅读理解

## Text1
### Para.1
　　The decision of the New York Philharmonic ~~to hire Alan Gilbert as its next music director(作定语)~~ has been the talk of the classical-music world **ever since the sudden announcement of his appointment in 2009(时间状语从句s)**. For the most part, the response has been favorable, to say the least. "Hooray! At last!" wrote Anthony Tommasini, a sober-sided classical-music critic.

**分阶词汇**
hire v.雇佣
music director 音乐指挥

**21. We learn from Para.1 that Gilbert's appointment has _______.**
~~A. incurred criticism~~
~~B. raised suspicion~~
**C. received acclaim**
~~D. aroused curiosity~~

### Para.2
　　One of the reasons ~~why the appointment came as such a surprise(定语从句)~~, however, is **that Gilbert is comparatively little known(表语从句)**. Even Tommasini, ~~who had advocated Gilbert's appointment in the Times,(非限制定语从句)~~ calls him "an unpretentious musician with no air of the **formidable** conductor about him". As a description of the next music director of an orchestra ~~that has hitherto been led by musicians like Gustav Mahler and Pierre Boulez(定语从句),~~ that seems likely to have struck at least some Times readers as faint praise.

**分阶词汇**
unpretentious adj.低调的，不骄傲的
formidable adj.令人敬畏的，有架子的
hitherto adj.迄今，至今
strike sb. as 给某人……感觉/印象
faint adj.模糊的，虚弱的

**22. Tommasini regards Gilbert as an artist who is _______.**
~~A. influential~~
**B. modest**
~~C. respectable~~
~~D. talented~~

**分析**
定位到 unpretentious, with no air of formidable, comparatively little known.

### Para.3
　　For my part, I have no idea **whether Gilbert is a great conductor or even a good one(条件状语从句)**. To be sure, he performs an impressive variety of interesting compositions, but it is not necessary for me to visit Avery Fisher Hall, or anywhere else, to hear interesting orchestral music. All ~~I have to do~~ is to go to my CD shelf, or boot up my computer and download still more recorded music from iTunes.

### Para.4
　　Devoted concertgoers ~~who reply that recordings are no substitute for live performance(限制性定语从句)~~ are missing the point. **For the time, attention, and money of the art-loving public,** classical instrumentalists must compete not only with opera houses, dance troupes, theater companies, and musemums, but also with the recorded perfomances of the great classical musicians of the 20th century. These recordings are cheap, available everywhere, and very often much higher in artistic quality than Today's live performances; moreover, they can be "consumed" at a time and place of the listener's choosing. The **widespread availablitiy** of such recodings has thus brought about a **crisis** in the institution of the traditional classical concert.

**分阶词汇**
concertgoer n.常去听音乐会的人
compete with 与……竞争/抗争
dance troupe 舞蹈团

**23. The author believes that the devoted concertgoers ______.**
~~A. ignore the expense of live performances~~
~~B. reject most kinds of recorded performances~~
~~C. exaggerate the variety of live performances~~
**D. overestimate the value of live performances**

**分析**
A. 文中未提及
B. 拒绝了大部分长篇？推理过渡。
C. 夸大了现场演奏的种类？无中生有。

**24. According to the text, which of the following is true of recordings?**
A. They are often inferior to live concerts in quality.
**B. They are easily accessible to the general public.**
C. They help improve the quality of music.
D. They have only covered masterpieces.

**分析**
A. 正反混淆
C. 无中生有
D. 无中生有

### Para.5
　　One possible response is for classical performers to program attractive new music **that is not yet available on record(限制性定语从句)**. Gilbert's own interest in new music has been widely noted: Alex Ross, a classical-music critic, has described him as a man who **is capable of** turning the Philharmonic into "a markedly different, more vibrant organization". **But** what will be **the nature of that difference**? Merely expanding the orchestra's **repertoire*(节目单)* will not be enough. If Gilbert and the Philharmonic are to succeed, they must first change the relationship between American's oldest orchestra and the new audience ~~it hopes to attract~~.

**分阶词汇**
be capable of doing 有能力做
markedly adv.显著地
repertoire n.节目单

**25. Regarding Gilbert's role in revitalizing the Philharmonic, the author feels ______.**
**A. doubtful**
~~B. enthusiastic~~
~~C. confident~~
D. puzzled

**分析**
B. 热情的？正反混淆
C. 自信的？pass
D. 困惑的？原文中提到的解决方案是创作有吸引力的新作品，所以作者并不困惑，最后两句，如果G成功，那么他们将是第一个成功改变古老的交响乐团和新的观众之间联系的团队，注意是如果，而且前面针对G的社略广泛，有能力带来改变，提出了But！表示了作者的怀疑。有难度！

## Text2
### Para.1
　　**When Liam McGee departed as president of Bank of America in August(时间状语从句)**, his explanation was surprisingly straight up. **Rather than cloaking his exit in the usual vague excuses(比较状语从句)**, he came right out and said he was leaving "to pursue my goal of running a company." Broadcasting his ambition was "very much my decision," McGee says. Whithin two weeks, he was talking for the first time with the **board(董事会)** of Hartford Financial Services Group, **which named him CEO and chairman on September 29(非限制性定语从句)**.

**26. When McGee announced his departure, his manner can best be described as being ______**
A. arrogant(骄傲的，自大的)
**B. frank**
C. self-centered
D. implusive

**分析**
定位到was surprisingly straight up 相当直率

### Para.2
　　McGee says **leaving without a position lined up** gave him time to reflect on what kind of company of he wanted to run. It also sent a clear message to the outside world about his aspirations. And McGee isn't alone. In recent weeks the No.2 executives at Avon and American Express quit with the explanation that they were looking for a CEO post. As boards scrutinize succession plans in response to share holder pressure, executives ~~who don't get the nod~~ also may wish to move on. A turbulent business environment also has senior managers cautious of **letting vague pronouncements cloud their reputations**.

**分阶词汇**
line up 排队等候
reflect on 反思，思考
aspiration n.抱负，愿望
nod n.点头同意
turbulent adj.动荡的，骚乱的
cautious of doing 当心，谨防……
cloud v.使（名誉）受损，使暗淡

**27. According to Paragraph 2, senior executives's quitting may be spurred by _______.**
~~A. their expectation of better financial status~~
~~B. their need to reflect on their private life~~
~~C. their strained relations with the boards~~
**D. their pursuit of new career goals**

**分析**
A. 为了更好的经济收入？无中生有
B. 反思私人生活的需求？文中只说了裸辞给了McGee去思考他想要去经营哪种类型的公司，并且题问这些高级经理人辞职的原因，“这些”并不是单单McGee，pass
C. 与董事会的紧张关系？推理过渡，原文只是说二把手希望当一把手，并没说与董事会关系不好！

### Para.3
　　As the first signs of recovery begin to take hold, deputy chiefs may be more willing to make the jump without a net. In the third quarter, CEO turnover was down 23% from a year ago as nervous boards **stuck with the leaders** ~~they had~~, according to Liberum Research. As the economy picks up, opportunities will abound for aspiring leaders.

**分阶词汇**
stick with sb./sth. 紧跟着某人，坚持……
pick up 站起，复苏
aspiring adj.有抱负的

### Para.4
　　The decision ~~to quit a senior position to look for a better one~~ is unconventional. For years executives and headhunters have adhered to the rule that the most attractive CEO candidates are the ones who must be poached. Says Korn/Ferry senior partner Dennis Carey:" I can't think of a single search ~~I've done~~ where a board has not instructed me to look at sitting CEOs first."

**分阶词汇**
senior position 高级职位
adhere to the rule 坚持原则
poach v.挖走，偷猎
instruct v.命令，要求
siting adj.正在位的
**28. The word "poached" (Lined 6, Paragraph 4) most probably means ______.**
~~A. approved of(赞成的)~~
B. attended to(关注的)
**C. hunted for**
~~D. guarded against(提防的)~~有难度哦！
AD排除，BC，文中后一句look at sitting CEOs first 董事会都会强调考虑在位的CEO

**分析**
额，有难度哦！
AD排除，BC，文中后一句look at sitting CEOs first 董事会都会强调考虑在位的CEO

### Para.5
　　Those ~~who jumped without a job~~ haven't always landed in top positions quickly. Ellen Marram quit as chief of Tropicana a decade ago, ~~saying she wanted to be a CEO~~. It was a year before she became head of a tiny Internet-based commodities exchange. Robert Willumstad left Citigroup in 2005 with ambitions to be a CEO. He finally took that post at a major financial institution three years later.

**分阶词汇**
land in top position 得到较高的职位
commodity n.商品

### Para.6
　　Many recruiters say the old disgrace is fading for top performers. The financial crisis has made it more acceptable to be between jobs or to leave a bad one. "The traditional rule was it's safer to stay where you are, **but that's been fundamentally inverted,**" says one headhunter. "The people ~~who've been hurt the worst~~ are those ~~who've stayed too long~~."

**分阶词汇**
recruiter n.招聘者
disgrace n.耻辱
fundamentally adj.从根本上，基本地

**29. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that _______.**
**A. top performers used to cling to their posts(坚守岗位)**
~~B. loyalty of top performers is getting out-date~~
~~C. top performers care more about reputations~~
~~D. its safer to stick to the traditional rules~~

**分析**
B. 推理过渡！
C. 无中生有
D. 正反混淆，文中说的是传统观念认为待在现有职位上更安全！

**30. Which of the following is the best title for the text?**
A. CEOs: Where to Go?
B. CEOs: All the Way Up?
**C. Top Managers Jump Without a Net**
D. The Only Way Out for Top Performers

## Text3
### Para.1
　　The rough guide to marketing success used to be **that you got what you paid for(表语从句+宾语从句)**. No longer. While traditional "paid" media——such as television commercials and print advertisements——still play a major role, companies today can exploit many alternative forms of media. Consumers passionate about a product may create "earned" media **by willingly promoting it to friends**, and a company may **leverage** "owned" media by sending e-mail alerts about products and sales to customers registered with its Web site. The way consumers now approach the process of making purchase decisions means that marketings' impact stems from a broad range of factors beyond conventional paid media.

**分阶词汇**
print advertisement 平面广告
leverage v.利用

**31. Consumers may create "earned" media when they are _______.**
~~A. obsessed with online shopping at certain Web sites~~
~~B. inspired by product-promoting e-mails sent to them~~
~~C. eager to help their friends promote quality products~~
**D. enthusiastic about recommending their favorite products**

**分析**
A. online shopping，obsess无中生有
B. 这是own media的内容，答非所问，无中生有
C. 无中生有，移花接木，文中说的是promote it to friend 推广给朋友！

### Para.2
　　Paid and owned media are controlled by marketers ~~promoting their own products(作定语)~~. For earned media, such marketers act as the initiator for user's responses. **But** in some cases, one marketer's owned media become another marketer's paid media——for instance, when an e-commerce retailer sells ad space on its Web site. We define such sold media as owned media **whose traffic is so strong that other organizations place their content or e-commerce engines within that environment(定语从句)**. This trend, which we believe is still in its infancy, effectively began with retailers and travel prociders such as airlines and hotels and will no doubt go further. Johnson & Johnson, for example, has created Baby Center, ~~a stand-alone media property that promotes complementary and even competitive products(同位语)~~. Besides generating income, the presence of other marketers makes the site seem objective, gives companies opportunities to learn valuable information about the appeal of other companies' marketing, and may help expand user traffic for all companies concerned.

**分阶词汇**
initiator n.发起人
infancy n.初始阶段，婴儿期
complementary adj.互补性的

**32. According to Paragraph 2, sold media feature ______.**
~~A. a safe business environment~~
~~B. random competition~~
**C. strong user traffic**
~~D. flexibility in organization~~

### Para.3
　　The same dramatic technological changes ~~that have provided marketers with more (and more diverse) communications choices(定语从句，指代changes)~~ have also increased the risk ~~that passionate consumers will voice their opinions in quicker, more visible, and much more damaging ways(定语从句，指代risk)~~. Such hijacked media are the opposite of earned media: an asset or campaign becomes hostage to consumers, other stakeholders, or activists who make negative allegations about a brand or product. Members of social networks, for instance, are learning that they can hijack media to apply pressure on the businesses ~~that originally created them~~.

**分阶词汇**
dramatic adj.重大的，戏剧性的
hijack v.劫持
hostage n.人质
allegation n.主张

**33. The author indicates in Paragraph 3 that earned media _______.**
 ~~A. invite constant conflicts with passionate consumers~~
**B. can be used to produce negative effects in marketing**
C. may be responsible for fiercer competition
~~D. deserve all the negative comments about them~~

**分析**
A. 无中生有
C. 有干扰啊，但是fiercer competition 愈演愈烈的竞争无中生有！
D. all the negative comments?

### Para.4
　　If that happens, passionate consumers would try to persuade others to boycott products, ~~putting the reputation of the target company at risk~~. In such a case, the company's response may not be sufficiently quick or thoughtful, and **the learning curve has been steep**. Toyota Motor, for example, alleviated some of the damage from its recall crisis earlier this year with a relatively quick and **well-orchestrated** social-media response campaign, which included efforts to **engage with** consumers directly on sites such as Twitter and the social-news site Digg.

**分阶词汇**
boycott v.抵制
learning curve has been steep 学习曲线陡峭（被要求快速学会）
alleviate v.减轻
orchestrate v.精心策划
engage with 与……接洽，与……有直接接触

**34. Toyota Motor's experience is cited as an example of _______.**
**A. responding effectively to hijacked media**
~~B. persuading customers into boycotting product~~
~~C. cooperating with supportive consumers~~
~~D. taking advantage of hijacked media~~

**分析**
A. 定位到前面说很多公司的回应不够迅速和深思熟虑，下面举了丰田公司在召回事件中积极有效的回应挽回了部分损失！
B. 无中生有
C. supportive？ cooperating？ 无中生有
D. take advantage？无中生有

**35. Which of the following is the text mainly about?**
A. Alternatives to to conventional paid media
~~B. Conflict between hijacked and earned media~~
~~C. Dominance of hijacked media~~
~~D. Popularity of owned media~~

**分析**
A. 定位到第一段companies today can exploit many alternative forms of media
B. conflict？以偏概全
C. 劫持媒体的统治地位？以偏概全，无中生有
D. 自媒体的流行？以偏概全

## Test4
### Para.1
　　**It's no surprise that** Jennifer Senior's insightful, provocative magazine cover story, "I Love My Children, I Hate My Life," **is arousing much chatter**——nothing gets people talking like the suggestion **that child rearing is anything less than a completely fulfilling, life-enriching experience.** Rather than **concluding** that children make parents either happy or misearble, Senior suggests **(that) we need to redefine happiness**: ~~instead of thinking of it as something （that can be measured by moment-to-moment joy(定语从句)）(条件状语从句)~~, we should consider being happy as a past-tense condition. Even though the day-to-day experience of raising kids can be soul-crushingly hard, Senior writes that "the very things ~~that in the moment **dampen** our moods~~ can later be sources of intense gratification and delight."

**分阶词汇**
provocative adj.具有争议的；煽动的
chatter n.闲聊，讨论
rearing n.抚养
fulfilling adj.使人满足的
past-tense condition 过去时态
soul-crushingly hard 令人崩溃般的艰难
dampen v.使抑郁、沮丧
gratification n.满足，喜悦
delight n.高兴

**36. Jennifer Senior suggests in her article that raising a child can bring _______.**
~~A. temporary delight~~
~~B. enjoyment in progress~~
**C. happiness in retrospect**
~~D. lasting reward~~

**分析**
定位到第一段最后一句that in the moment dampen our moods can later be sources of intense gratification and delight，注意later！不过这句话不太好看，那就看前面！child reaing is anything less than a completely fulfilling, life-enriching experience，明显不是B选项，同样文中也没有说抚养有短暂的快乐，只是定义快乐！没说抚养的快乐满足！Senior定义的快乐：consider being happy as a past-tense condition 过去时态的快乐！所以不是过程中的和持续的快乐！容易错！下次做可能还是错！呜呜呜！

### Para.2
　　The magazine cover showing an attractive mother holding a cute baby is hardly the only Madonna-and-child image on newsstands this week. There are also stories about newly adoptive——and newly single-mom Sandra Bullock, as well as the usual "Jennifer Aniston is pregnant" news. Practically every week features at least one celebrity mom, or mom-to-be, smilling on the newsstands.

**分阶词汇**
cute adj.可爱的
Madonna-and-child 圣母与圣婴
adoptive adj.收养的
celebrity n.名人

**37. We learn from Paragraph 2 that ______.**
~~A. celebrity moms are a permanent source for gossip~~
~~B. single mothers with babies deserve greater attention~~
~~C. news about pregnant celebrities is entertaining~~
**D. having children is highly valued by the public**

**分析**
A. gossip谣言，流言蜚语，故错
B. 文中只是举例单亲妈妈收养，过度解读了！
C. 关于怀孕明星的新闻具有娱乐性？娱乐性？无中生有
总的来说有难度，有迷惑性！

### Para.3
　　In a society ~~that so persistently celebrates procreation~~, is it any wonder **that admiting you regret having children is equivalent to admitting you support kitten-killing?** It doesn't seem quite fair, then, **to compare the regrets of parents to the regrets of the childless(前置)**. Unhappy parents rarely are provoked to wonder if they shouldn't have had kids, but unhappy childless folks are bothered with the message that children are the single most important thing in the world: obviously their misery must be a direct result of the gaping baby-size holes in their lives.

**38. It is suggested in Paragraph 3 that childless folks _______.**
**A. are constantly exposed to criticism**
~~B. are largely ignored by the media~~
~~C. fail to fulfill their social responsibilities~~
D. are less likely to be satisfied with their life

**分析**
BC自己看，AD...emmmm...真的难！对应到unhappy childless folks are bothered with the message that children are the single most important thing in the world: obviously their misery must be a direct result of the gaping baby-size holes in their lives!然而，对应到了也会错啊！这里说被孩子是唯一重要的事情困扰，很可能就对应到D了啊！但是！自习想想，suggested！！！暗含！根据第一段，整个社会背景，崇尚生育的社会背景！那么不是所有人都是想要儿女的！但是他们未必不满足啊！那么根据社会背景和这里提到的，那么就是很可能是被这种社会背景下的一些观念所困扰甚至饱受批评！跟现在很多家长认为的好好读书，到了年龄就结婚生子的社会背景不也一样吗！很多人还是不喜欢死读书不想结婚生子的啊！难道他们就对生活不满意了吗！哦，蠢！错的活该！出题太坑！妈蛋！

### Para.4
　　Of course, the image of parenthood ~~that celebrity magazines like Us Weekly and People present~~ is hugely unrealistic, especially when the parents are single mothers like Bullock. According to several studies concluding that parents are less happy than childless couples, single parents are the least happy of all. No shock there, considering how much work it is to raise a kid without a partner to lean on; yet to hear Sandra and Britney tell it, raising a kid on their "own" (read: with round-the-clock help) is a piece of cake.

**分阶词汇**
lean on 靠在……上；依靠
shock n.震惊；震动
round-the-clock adj.全天候，24小时的

**39. According to Paragrah 4, the message conveyed by celebrity magazines is _______.**
~~A. soothing~~
~~B. ambiguous~~
~~C. compensatory~~
**D. misleading**

**分析**
定位到第一句，unrealistic！那些名人杂质关于父母的形象不切实际，说明有误导性
### Para.5
　　It's hard to imagine that many people are dumb enough to want children just because Reese and Angelina make it look so glamorous: most adults understand that a baby is not a haircut. But it's interesting to wonder if the imagines we see every week of stress-free, happiness-enhancing parenthood aren't in some small, subconscious way contributing to our own dissatisfactions with the actual experience, in the same way that a small part of us hoped getting "the Rachel" might make us look just a little bit like Jennifer Aniston.

**分阶词汇**
dumb adj.傻得
glamorous adj.富有魅力的；迷人的
stress-free adj.无压力的
happiness-enhancing adj.提升幸福感的
subconscious adj.潜意识的，下意识的
contribute to 对……起作用

**40. Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?**
~~A. Having children contributes little to the glamour of celebrity moms~~
**B. Celebrity moms have influenced our attitude towards child rearing**
~~C. Having children intensifies our dissatisfaction with life~~
~~D. We somtimes neglect the happiness from child rearing~~
